Add note about percentile aggregations (#25921)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/widgets/query_value.md

{{< dashboards-widgets-api >}}

### Troubleshooting

>  - If your query is using a percentile value to aggregate underlying data points, you may find that the value returned on the widget remains the same across different time ranges. This behavior can be expected with a large sample size of underlying data points ([reference][7]). Changes in values like this can typically be more easily found across narrower time ranges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - If your query is using a percentile value to aggregate underlying data points, you may find that the value returned on the widget remains the same across different time ranges. This behavior can be expected with a large sample size of underlying data points. Changes in values like this can typically be more easily found across narrower time ranges. For more information on this concept, see the [Law of large numbers][7].
```
